families come together sharing the same
predicament some Palestinian refugees in
Lebanon have loved ones trapped in
Gaza FMA is a mother who says she hasn't
slept since Israel's campaign of
bombardment started more than a month
ago her son Muhammad abuu has been
watching the scenes of horror helpless
as he waits for any news about his
siblings
they're living in Hell there's no food
no water before Israel bomb the bakeries
they used to wait for hours for a loaf
of bread they're drinking salt
water communication has been a problem
landline mobile and internet services
more often than not don't
work at times Muhammad isn't able to
speak to his sister for
days it's a story heard time and again
not just here in this refugee camp but
among the millions unable to stay
connected with those under siege in
Gaza Palestinians in Lebanon are
survivors and descendants of those who
lost their homes and land when the state
of Israel was created in 1948 they say
the bombing of Gaza is Israel's latest
attempt to erase all their hopes for a
future Palestinian
State 75 years in Exile 75 years of
being stateless
Palestinians have made their voices
heard but they say those who are able to
stop what they are calling a genocide in
Gaza are not
listening Abu Bakr zade's sister
daughter and grandchildren had to move
many times because of the bombardment
they are now at the rafah border with
Egypt unable to
leave it's been difficult trying to get
them out out every time I speak to them
they just say we are still
alive there's nothing left to say he
says except that the world and
especially Arab leaders have condemned
the Palestinian people to
Oblivion Z AL jaaz Northern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer